Add note about making txns with local blockchains (#726)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/get-started/run-development-network.md

You can run a personal Ethereum development network using [Ganache](https://www.trufflesuite.com/ganache),
which allows you to develop a dapp in a secure test environment.

:::note
When using a local development blockchain such as Ganache or

> [anvil](https://www.alchemy.com/dapps/foundry-anvil), your node must calculate gas in order to make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[anvil](https://book.getfoundry.sh/anvil/#overview-of-anvil), your node must calculate gas to make
```
